【 complicated pulpit for Pos Centers】
Osuspenseful fortune-tellers,
Doctor Osame-san,
thisprevisical hunting scowania
has porta-aju Sauce Ga yeni tsumaki
of Jim stock.
Therefore, I session the
Naans and
swaying
Oh, the queen is out.
If you come all the way here, you'll be happy.
Oh, I'm going to take you to the ship.
I'll take you to the ship.
Ship?
There's a ship.
There's a queen here.
Wow!
It's a clear ship.
Don't tell me you didn't see it.
After cleaning it up,
I'll give you a good place to sleep.
Hey, if you can take me, I'll take you.
Hey, I'll take you.
How many?
Five thousand for each person.
Who's going to take care of it?
It's not going to take care of it.
Five thousand is ten years.
If one person is five thousand, two people are ten thousand.
Two people are 15,000, and two people are 20,000.
How many people?
Two people.
I don't feel like this, but
I have five thousand.
I'm going to take you.
Oh, this is one of them.
It's a shell of a bomb.
I can't take it.
Hey, this is the same as now.
I've been living here for a long time.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's a small island in the heart.
Get on.
Hey, get on.
Two or three more people.
If there are more people at home, I'll do something.
Hey, it's a dog.
The guests said they'd do something.
Hey, it's a little big.
Put this dog there.
Excuse me, sir.
Can you put your friend on?
What?
Oh, you don't have a friend?
All right.
Ouch!
What are you doing?
I said put your friend on.
That's not it, sir.
No, I'm going to catch that bomb and put it on.
I'm going to put it on the car.
You got it?
That's right.
Why isn't the boat coming?
There's nothing wrong with it.
No, no.
I'm holding a stick.
I'm going to push it.
Should I push it?
Oh, I'm going.
The boat is coming.
I don't know if the boat is coming.
I'm talking about things I don't know.